♪♪
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
I'm getting ready to have
a very large tag sale.
Everything in here...
Is going.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
There's hundreds of boxes
in there!
Good luck. guys.
This is going to be the biggest
tag sale that ever happened.
[ Bell rings ]
[ Cheering ]
Did you see any whisks?
I'm looking for
a Martha Stewart cake plate.
Behar: Martha Stewart is
a high-class hoarder.
[ Laughs ]
And we know she's gonna
have great stuff.
Klinko: Can you imagine owning
something from Martha Stewart?
I mean. come on.
This is Blake Lively.
if you don't have a clue.
Kris Jenner bought
all the jadeite.
Oh. look. somebody bought
my chairs! Oh!
There's been
many surprises.
Manzo: Listen. I think we have
a problem here.
Oh. no. no.
no. no. no. no.
Martha's gonna have a fit.
I am not happy
about it.
Manzo: The majority
of this stuff is sold.
We have people coming in buses.
If there is not enough stuff.
it's gonna be...
Yeah.
...a nightmare.
And the tag sale
is about to begin.
[ People cheering ]
♪♪
I've been a tag sale goer
pretty much my whole life.
I love tag sales.
First of all. a tag sale
can also be called
a garage sale.
a lawn/yard sale.
which means you've tagged
everything with a price tag.
and that will be the price
at which it will be sold.
Well. I'm getting ready
to have my tag sale --
a very. very large tag sale
at the farm.
I have about
10.000 things to sell.
Why some people have tag sales.
well. there are lots
and lots of reasons.
none of which really relate
to why I'm having
this particular tag sale.
And that list is long.
so I'll read it.
And it's also kind of funny
and don't take it too seriously.
[ Chuckles ]
They're all pretty dire.
And none of those
really apply to me.
Not yet.
[ Peacock crying ]
Several things prompted me
to have this tag sale.
First of all. I'm totally
out of storage space.
especially because
I sold my house in East Hampton
filled with lots of things that
I actually bought at tag sales.
I also closed a monstrous office
in New York City.
so I feel like
I'm living in chaos.
and I don't want
to be known as a hoarder.
Nothing could be worse.
So everything's gonna be sold.
and I know everybody's gonna
want to come.
That's why
we are selling tickets.
And the reason we really
are having the tag sale
is I really want to raise money
for the
Martha Stewart Center for Living
at Mount Sinai Hospital.
And I really do feel
that sharing these beautiful.
beautiful things that
I've collected with other people
and raising a lot of money
at the same time
might be a very good thing
to do.
[ Ding! ]
I'm sure it's up
there someplace.
Where would it have gone?
[ Peacock crying ]
I also have my friends.
Vincent Manzo --
[ Peacock crying ]
Who's doing --
Who's making noise? Huh?
Woman: The peacock.
[ Peacocks crying ]
Is there a peacock outside?
I have 17 peacocks.
So if you hear an odd noise now
and then. it's the peacocks.
They want to be on TV.
[ Peacocks crying ]
I do have a really
good group of people. friends.
who are going to help
with this tag sale.
The antiques experts --
Vincent Manzo. Jim Klinko.
Frank Kaminski.
♪♪
I met Vincent
through my daughter. Alexis.
and Alexis and Vincent
had a shop called Yard Sale.
I think Martha always wanted
to have a tag sale.
It's the best way for her
to have other people
enjoy what she's enjoyed
for so many years.
Stewart: Jim Klinko.
who has been running tag sales
and consignment shops
for about 40 years.
I met Martha at my store
around 30 years ago.
And she walked in one day.
and I said to her.
"What took you so long?"
And she handed me her phone
number and that was it.
We've been friends ever since.
Stewart: Frank Kaminski
is extremely knowledgeable.
and he has done a lot of big.
big celebrity auctions.
I've known Martha
for about five years.
She really is someone
to be admired for style.
for meticulousness.
She is a living legend.
Manzo: I don't know about these
two. but I'm a salesperson.
I'm gonna sell the most.
I'm an auctioneer.
I sell the best.
Oh. please get out of here.
[ Laughs ]
I'm the number-one
seller here
because I know
how to talk to my clients.
Okay.
I know exactly
what they like.
Stewart: I do have Chris Hessney
helping me.
He's an amazing event planner.
Chris travels all over the world
throwing events.
I think that's gonna
make a big difference.
Martha and I have worked
together for over a year now.
We've known each other
for much longer.
And I work with a great team --
James Laborne and Haden Spenard.
I think this event would be
a true success if.
"A." Martha's happy.
But it's about having
a really great experience
for everyone who's coming.
that everyone find
something beautiful to buy.
and that we sell a lot of stuff.
Here we have the overall view
of the -- of the ground plan
and where the tents
are gonna be for check-in.
Stewart: Oh. okay.
We've chosen a field
that's close to the road.
So you just walk in
through an entrance tent...
Correct.
...and then into
the big sales tent.
Correct.
And then we are on
to the main tents.
Right.
We have two tents.
I'm more concerned
about the stuff.
How many tables altogether
in these pictures?
This is 52.
Yeah. see?
That's not very many.
53. sorry.
Yeah. not for the amount
of stuff we have.
Right.
One big thing we need
to talk about is rain or shine.
It can snow one day.
and it can be 72 the next.
Yeah.
So...
April showers
bring May flowers.
[ Laughter ]
So it may rain. but hopefully
it will be nice weather.
But we are tented to protect
all the goods from the rain.
[ Laughs ]
Spenard: It's not gonna rain.
Hessney: You have
to be prepared.
No. every event.
every wedding.
I learned that as a caterer.
I would never. ever.
ever do a wedding
without a tent.
And we want to be
the most successful.
fabulous tag sale ever.
Hessney: She really knows
what she's doing here.
You know. people are taking
their time to come here.
spending money.
buying a ticket.
And it needs to. like. you know.
kind of go seamlessly
and flawlessly.
And we're learning
the Martha way.
[ Peacock cries ]
So this is where it all starts.
So guests are gonna be coming
from this entrance over here.
And we have
a 20x20 tent staked here.
as you'll see
with the red stakes.
Okay.
And guests will get wristbands
when they check in
so we know that they have
about an hour
to come through.
Kaminski:
It's an amazing event.
It's so nice that
it's being held on the grounds.
And we'll all pitch in.
We'll all help out.
No. I think
the plan is good.
I think. uh.
the logistics are good.
Uh. it keeps
a lot of peop--
it keep them out
of my buildings.
which is important because
there's so much more stuff
still in the buildings...
[ Laughter ]
...for the next tag sale!
We know.
I do not think I will be
having a second tag sale
anytime soon.
[ Laughter ]
We have a lot of work
cut out for us.
but I think with the three
of us all together.
working together.
pricing. merchandising.
I think we're gonna have
a great sale.
Am I crazy
or is this a good idea?
I think this is a great idea.
It's a great idea.
This is the king of all sales.
and I'm really excited
to be part of it.
It's from Martha Stewart.
I mean. you can't get
any higher than that [laughs]
like. amazing.
Stewart: My tag sale will be
lots of fun.
But no music.
No music.
This is not honky-tonk.
This is serious...
[ Laughter ]
...serious
sell everything.
Hessney:
There's a lot still to do.
I think the main concern
is that it's -- it's such
a meticulous property.
and we're now inviting
all this chaos onto it
and all of these guests.
But we're definitely.
I think. ready for it.
Stewart: I'm excited to see
what I'm gonna sell.
I don't know yet everything
that I'm going to sell.
but I have to grit my teeth
and hide my pocketbook.
I am not going to buy anything
at my tag sale.
I promise you.
It's all for sale.
I really want to make
a lot of money.
We'll see.
Stewart:
So we have a lot of stuff.
and we have to get to work.
I can't wait until
it's all over.
[ Laughter ]
♪♪
[ Peacocks crying ]
So. Jim. I've been going through
everything at this farm
looking for items to sell
at the tag sale.
And I came across my collection
of Worldwide Pants jackets.
Now. Worldwide Pants
was David Letterman's company.
But every year.
while he was on "Late Night."
he would send
a Christmas jacket.
But do you think David's gonna
be mad at me for selling these?
I think we should put
a high price on those.
This way we could see
if we can get David
really jealous
if we sell them
for a few hundred dollars.
[ Chuckles ]
Have you been
on his new show?
You know what?
I wouldn't be selling these
if I had been
on his new show.
Hmm.
Well. since we are only
just getting into organizing
what I'm going to sell.
I really don't know
how it's going to work yet.
♪♪
Unbelievable.
Speechless.
It's overwhelming.
There's just so much to look at
and so much to decide
what she's gonna sell.
Stewart: These finials
are so beautiful.
I got these
years and years ago
at a tag sale. [ Laughs ]
[ Chuckling ]
And they're very beautifully
crafted out of copper.
And I had them
on my porch
just as decorative objects
in East Hampton.
What do you think I could price
those at. Frank?
Kaminski: I would
say $4.500 to $5.000
for the pair.
Yeah. mm-hmm.
So. Frank. what do you
think about pricing.
being an auctioneer?
Manzo: Right.
You have to price
things fairly
and not too high.
not too low.
but somewhere in between.
Yes.
Oh. and these bird cages.
by the way.
Klinko: Wow.
That was the prototype
for all my other bird cages.
I made that.
Now.
those gorgeous vents.
What do you think?
Oh. yeah.
Kaminski: $4.000.
Yeah? I might have
paid more for them.
Hm.
Hmm.
Let's go to $6.000.
Exactly.
The way
she wanted a bargain.
everyone else wants
a bargain out there.
Well. Martha's always been
on the buying side.
not on the selling side.
so this is new for her.
These windows I love. and these
were only like $45 a window.
Klinko: Wow. that was
a good bargain.
Now. this window alone
would cost about $800
or $1.000 to build.
$1.000.
But I thought if I --
If I build an outdoor pavilion.
these would be great windows.
[ Laughs ]
We're supposed to talk you
into selling things.
not out of selling things.
I know.
The hardest part of this process
probably will be getting Martha
to sell things
she doesn't want to sell.
And up above are
so many chairs.
Oh. my canoe. too.
Yeah. that I am not gonna sell.
And I want to reiterate
so that my daughter. Alexis.
can hear this clearly.
Mother is not a hoarder.
You know how many
canoes I have?
[ Laughter ]
I have several canoes
in Maine already.
I have a -- a really. really
great Old Town...
Old Town.              Oh.
...and I have a really. really
great one made
by a canoe maker who used seven
different kinds of wood.
And I bought that years
and years ago for my ex-husband.
and it was
the most beautiful canoe.
So that one
I'm not gonna sell.
No.
But this one --
maybe I will sell
that canoe.
Klinko: Wow.
It's like Tutankhamun's tomb
in here.
Isn't it?
[ Laughs ]
It's fabulous.
♪♪
Okay. well. this is only
one of five storage buildings
on this property.
so I would take you...
Wow.
...to show the rest. okay?
I'm excited.
Let's go!
Can't wait to go.
I'm ready.
♪♪
These are beauties.
Robert Natkin was a friend
of mine and my husband's.
I have an extreme
emotional attachment
to probably every single thing
that I'm going to sell.
And he gave me
this painting.
His work brings
a lot of money.
Yeah. it does.
A lot.
And what's it
doing in here?
He would be so mad at me.
[ Laughter ]
♪♪
Look at this scooter.
Is this your scooter?
That was
my East Hampton scooter.
Puff Daddy and I
both had that color.
-[ Laughs ] Oh. my God.
-Wow!
♪♪
This is over the top.
Manzo: And I had no idea
that it was
at this level of addiction.
She is packed.
Packed!
Everything in here.
Well. almost everything
is going.
Wow.
Amazing.
I think that there's
real treasures
in all these boxes here.
We haven't opened one box yet.
One box.
There's hundreds of boxes
in there.
This is a treasure hunt.
I love it.
Bring it on. Martha!
Another massive building
that we have to empty out.
price. sell.
and everything
is going to be sold.
Everything.
♪♪
It's the night before.
We are inviting friends
and family to come
to a little cocktail party
just to get sort of a preview.
So. Martha. tell me about
doing this party here.
We can have it
outdoors here
in this beautiful
cobblestone courtyard.
Correct.
Or if it rains.
everyone can be
inside the giant stable.
Yes.
The weather is going to affect
how we set up everything.
I mean. it could be 70 degrees
during the day.
but drop down to...
Snow the next.
especially in April.
We are not out of the clear here
in New York state.
We'll have our bar
out here.
Martharitas
are gonna be served.
I think a lot of her
celebrity friends are coming.
She was taking me
through the guest list.
It was pretty glamorous.
Oh. look who's here --
blues brother.
Hey. beauty boy.
The noisemaker.
[ Imitates peacock cry ]
[ Laughs ]
[ Peacock cries ]
How do we do
the peacock call?
[ Imitating peacock cry ]
[ Peacock crying ]
Don't run away.
They talk to me.
If the weather's gorgeous.
we're gonna let
the peacocks loose.
The donkeys and the
horses should be in the
stable at this time.
They'll have spent all day
running around on the farm.
[ Horse whinnies ]
And I do not like the geese.
They are aggressive and attack.
[ Chuckles ]
They have no time
for them.
So. on the dress code
for this elegant party.
because it is outside.
I usually come in country chic
and flat shoes. boots.
whatever.
So you can walk --
walking shoes.
So good luck. guys.
Yeah. no pressure.
We have how many --
how many days?
We're starting
countdown now.
We have 23 days.
23 days.
So countdown begins now.
♪♪
I'm a nervous wreck.
We have 11 more days
till the sale.
A lot has happened.
The main tents went up
on Saturday.
There's three tents now.
♪♪
We need to sit down
with Martha
and. you know.
get her opinion
on how we're gonna
price the merchandise.
She wants to go through
every piece that she owns.
There are thousands
and thousands of things here
to be put out
and merchandised.
♪♪
We have to add some lighting
into them.
We're gonna make
some small adjustments.
We need to Martha-fy it
big time.
But Martha-fying it
is really about
how we organize it
on the table.
What kind of lamps
go together.
fine antiques.
and. like. decorative vases.
I mean. someone can
repair this. right?
Yes. all this happens.
So we have a lot
to do yet.
And I'm
a little concerned.
♪♪
Three more days to go
till the sale.
and I think we're
really prepared for it.
It's looking really good.
We still have a lot to do.
but we're getting there.
I think we're --
we're way behind.
♪♪
The hay barn needs
to be set up.
We have plants
that she wants to sell.
Those all have to be
brought over
to the big tents
on the other side.
And we keep finding things --
boxes and furniture.
There's so much work
that needs to be done.
♪♪
I think all of the cooking items
are gonna disappear
because she actually
cooked with them.
One of my favorite items
is. like. a garlic peeler
that I saw her use
on one of her shows.
Puts the garlic in. she went
like this. and it was --
you know.
the peels were off of it.
It was amazing.
♪♪
My favorite item
is the Louis Vuitton trunk.
which is really beautiful.
I think that's gonna be
one of the first things
that's gonna go.
It just has all these
really cool compartments.
all these wooden hangers
inside of here.
I've never seen a piece
like this before.
Look at the classic color
in there.
It's beautiful.
This is a music stand.
This would have been
in your porch or summer room.
And this held
sheet music and magazines.
This is about 1880.
This is called stencil pine.
It would be bare wood
and then they would stencil --
or they put stencils on top.
and they would paint
to give it this beautiful look.
♪♪
This sale's so big
that Martha called and said.
"Hey. you got to give
these guys a hand."
There are thousands
and thousands of items here.
and. believe me.
pricing's a huge job.
Klinko: Martha said we had
to be done by 12:00 today.
and that gives us
about 15 minutes
to get this gigantic
tent all priced.
♪♪
Hi. guys.
Hi. Martha.
[ Sighs ]
We're here finally.
Hessney: We are bringing
in more items by the minute.
so we're a little nervous
about that.
If I go in there.
will I find everything marked?
-Yes.
-Absolutely.
Everything priced?
Yes.
Everything set up nicely?
-Yes.
Okay. guys.
Klinko: After you.
Jackson: Beautiful.
Yesterday. she was shopping
at her own tag sale with a...
Manzo: Oh. yeah.
...with a bin taking stuff back
and was like.
"I could use this.
I could use that."
Mm-hmm.
So I think there's stuff
that she's discovering
that she didn't even know
she had all these years.
Oh. an old
vintage picnic basket.
It still has
its old Bakelite in it.
And its plates and its --
and its cutlery.
Oh. I love this.
This is really charming.
♪♪
Is it considered
collecting or hoarding?
Manzo:
Don't use that word.
My mother's
dining room table.
I hate to part with this.
A lot of items
still to be sorted.
Martha's having some trouble
letting go.
I love these so much.
Yeah. [ Laughs ]
But we're getting there.
I hate to part with these.
These are called glassy babies.
And they were handblown
in Seattle
by a woman who started
her career at Microsoft
and then became a glassblower
after she made
her billions of dollars
in Microsoft.
There's thousands of items here.
and there's such a variety
from rugs to paintings
to furniture
to -- to glassware.
china. everything.
Look at these cleavers.
This is $75.
You can't get a cleaver this big
and heavy brand-new anymore.
There's some meat cleavers
in there
that I looked up online.
Some of them
go for $600.
They were sleepers.
And look at the rugs.
These are gorgeous.
I remember buying these and
using them at Turkey Hill Road.
Wonderful collection
of braided rugs.
rag rugs.
oriental rugs.
And I love these rugs.
They are beautiful.
Frank gets hot
when it comes to rugs.
I like rugs.
He's a rug addict.
It's a gem of a rug.
♪♪
Somebody should be checking
the tags.
like I just picked up something
and only half the tag
is filled out.
Like any job you're doing.
you have your client.
and our client's Martha.
and Martha
is directing all of us
on how she'd like it set up
and -- and where.
You have to put set.
"Part of set."
Oh. they should have signs.
That. too.
Those are Martha.
Okay. I'll check --
But all these should have stamps
of the Martha stuff.
Okay. I'll change some tags.
Oh. these fit here nicely.
♪♪
Manzo: There's two days left.
and we got to get this done.
And I know we can do it.
So don't use any negatives
around here.
I don't want to hear
one neg. all right?
[ Chuckles ]
It's all gonna be
fantastic and fabulous.
♪♪
[ Lightning cracks ]
[ Rain pouring ]
[ Thunder crashes ]
So. I woke up this morning.
and it's raining.
I'm like. "Oh. my God.
We're gonna be outside.
The grass is gonna get wet.
There's gonna be marks
all over the grass.
And Martha's gonna have a fit."
Unbelievable.
It's gonna be a catastrophe.
♪♪
We came into the tent
this morning --
nothing was wet.
I was worried about that.
I thought the tarps
would be blown to pieces.
Everything looked perfect.
Hessney: So our party is taking
place at the stables.
The sun is shining.
The birds are chirping.
The peacocks are...
[ Peacocks crying ]
[ Initiating peacocks crying ]
We worked like crazy this week.
We're here.
We worked like dogs.
You know. we deserve
an hors d'oeuvres or two.
[ Laughs ] And a cocktail.
Yeah. why not?
So. like. mirror one
of these up there.
Okay. great.
Is anything over there set up?
It should be. like. done.
This is Bernie Wong Green.
who I have been
following on Instagram.
because he has followed me
my whole way. [ Laughs ]
Oh!
I'm so glad you came.
Hello. beautiful.
Yoo-hoo!
Jenner: Hi. Martha!
[ Chuckles ]
How's everything going?
Are you -- Are you excited
about the sale this weekend?
I am so excited. Kris.
It's so much fun.
What exactly do you want Matt
to get for you?
Oh. my gosh.
I sent Matthew there.
and he's -- I just wanted some
Halloween. like. uh. buckets.
Oh. yeah. You want those?
Yeah.
Get those buckets.
get those buckets.
Yeah. the Halloween buckets
are. like. right up my alley...
Okay.
...for Halloween.
We'll get you all that stuff.
Bye.
[ Indistinct conversations.
laughter ]
When can we shop?
That's what we wanted.
In a little while.
After -- After people
sort of get here.
♪♪
After this tag sale.
I need a rest. [ Laughs ]
♪♪
Now. who is this silly woman
with the wrong shoes?
I know!
She did not read
the invitation.
She wore spiked heels
in a cobblestone courtyard.
Oh [laughs] how are you?
I'm Martha.
I'm Jenn.
Hi. Jenn.
Nice to see you.
Nice to meet you.
This is Jonathan.
Hi. I'm Jonathan.
How do you do?
Nice to see you.
You both look gorgeous.
I have to have
an oyster.
Have you had an oyster?
Hi!
Hey!
Look at this. Hi. guys.
Everything was not
planned today that happened.
So Martha's changed it all
throughout the day.
But as long as guests
are having fun and smiling
and. like. drinking
and having a good time.
it's usually
a successful party.
Oh. good.
[ Laughter ]
[ Bell ringing ]
Please gather closer
so I don't have to scream.
I don't have a microphone.
This is the preview party
for the Great American Tag Sale
for the benefit of the
Martha Stewart Center for Living
at Mount Sinai Hospital.
And it is a holistic hospital
where care is proffered
to anybody who wants it
over the age of 65.
We just want to make sure
that you understand
why I've taken this gigantic
effort to have a tag sale.
I've never had one
before in my life.
But I do have a lot of stuff...
[ Laughter ]
...and it's been stuffed
into barns and storage buildings
on this property.
So we have very nice things
for sale.
I hope you all buy
a lot of stuff
and enjoy all that stuff
and enjoy the party.
It's about charity.
It's about philanthropy.
It's about doing good
while you're living good.
And you can go look
at a preview barn.
and you can buy stuff
in that preview barn.
Lots and lots of fabulous stuff.
[ Indistinct chatter ]
So -- So eat -- eat. drink.
and go visit the hay barn
and look around. and --
Look. people are going already.
Manzo: Yeah!
Chris. make sure people
are there!
♪♪
So in here.
this is Martha's hay barn.
♪♪
[ Laughs ] Look. I thought
you were my daughter.
Everybody said
farm clothes. so --
Oh. my God.
You look so farming.
This is Blake Lively.
if you don't have a clue.
And thank you so much
for coming.
Of course. Thank you
for having me. It's an honor.
And so what
a beautiful night. right?
Oh. my gosh.
My mom is here.
Oh. of course!
I know you!
She's the reason
that I'm obsessed with you.
Oh. well...
You were a big figure
in our house. Martha. always.
That's so great. so great.
And the hay barn is
up that way.
We're all going over to get
a preview of what's for sale.
Oh!
♪♪
I'm so excited we're selling.
How much?
What are we selling?
The leather chairs are gone.
The four leather chairs
are gone.
Oh. good. I'm so glad.
Six of the Chippendale.
those are gone.
Oh. good.
We kind of encountered
one another
inside the
Great American Tag Sale
where we were both
after this watering can.
He got there first.
And I shoved Elise
out of the way.
Pretty much.
And I won.
This is
my consolation prize.
It's green. the color of
new life and regeneration.
And I'll make
scrambled eggs in it.
They'll be the most
delicious scrambled eggs.
♪♪
Woman:
This is my favorite.
I saw a lot of people eyeing it.
and I got nervous.
But I got it.
[ Chuckles ]
♪♪
I found this
beautiful turkey.
I actually had my hands
on a turkey piece
very similar to this.
Set it down and the lady
in front of me
took it right
out of my hand.
[ Laughs ] So it's a little
vicious out there at the sale.
I'm gonna put
my cranberry sauce
in it every year
for Thanksgiving.
And I just thought
it was absolutely fabulous.
I'm gonna go look
at the other barn.
Okay. yeah.
Go look. go look.
My idea was to have a blender
that's signed by Martha Stewart.
Manzo: A green mixer...
Kaminski: Signed...
...with Martha Stewart signed
right across it.
...right on the side of it.
Everyone wanted that piece.
Blake Lively purchased it.
That was the star
of the show.
It's gone.
It's great to see you.
It's good to see you.
of course.
Thanks for having us.
Stewart:
I appreciate you coming.
It's fun. right?
Woman: Really fun.
Yeah. so tomorrow's
gonna be more fun.
and she's not gonna wear
high heels tomorrow.
No.
[ Laughs ]
Laborne: Today was
a good learning lesson.
The preview allowed us
to iron out some kinks.
And. you know. I think tomorrow
will be a little bit smoother.
♪♪
[ Peacock crying ]
Klinko: Everything
is in great shape.
We're ready to go.
Manzo: It's gonna be amazing.
[ Peacock cries ]
Stewart: Hi. everybody.
Welcome to
the Great American Tag Sale.
We want everybody to have
a great time today.
There's lovely.
lovely things for sale.
We would really appreciate
no pushing. no shoving.
[ Laughter ]
Please. we want
no disasters at all.
So enjoy yourselves.
And the tag sale
is about to begin.
[ Cheering ]
Do not lean on the tables.
♪♪
It's nice to see you.
Hello. [ Laughs ]
How are you?
Those come from the most famous
yachting store on Keem.
♪♪
This is
the best deal here.
Give me a red tag.
please.
Stewart:
They're already shopping.
I want sold tickets
on everything.
not just one or two --
everything.
It's an angel
to look over him.
Those are rare.
See? People are buying
all kinds of great stuff.
And these
folk art pieces are really.
really particularly good.
♪♪
Oh. look. somebody
bought my chairs.
Oh!
Those were in a museum.
Those are metal Windsor chairs.
It was my idea to make
Windsors in metal.
And those are the best.
Martha originals.
♪♪
Behar: Martha Stewart
is a high-class hoarder.
[ Laughs ]
And we know she's gonna
have great stuff.
I'm still shopping.
I've got my eye
on a couple of things.
Martha. I think you're fabulous.
And I love the sale.
I think you should
do another one.
Yeah. really good idea.
I'm sure you have more stuff.
♪♪
This is my favorite thing.
And then this was
the cheapest thing here...
[ Chuckles ]
...a $12 potato sign.
I mean. I could have made
this myself. but...
Since Martha
might have touched it.
it'll be worth more some day.
[ Chuckles ]
I have to say that I have
so much stuff.
and I really wanted to cut back
on the stuff in my house.
But here I am buying more stuff
that apparently I've convinced
myself that I need.
What is this even?
♪♪
Oh. that's nice.
Look at those.
I flew in yesterday because
I thought it was a worthy cause
to come here and support Martha
and the Mount Sinai Hospital.
These were from
my East Hampton house.
Loved it.
Yeah. these are beautiful.
I was very pleased to see
a Louis Vuitton trunk here.
Condition's lovely.
It's an unusual trunk.
It's a flip top
with the hangers.
It's a smaller size
than most of the wardrobes.
So this must have been
for. perhaps. a young lady
rather than a gentlemen's trunk.
Three years ago. we lost
our house in the Camp Fire
that burned down
the town of Paradise.
And my husband's
been rebuilding it himself.
And I have a beautiful
brand-new house.
but it's totally empty.
And I'm gonna fill my house
with things from Martha.
And it's the most perfect
beginning of a new chapter
for us.
I'm so excited.
Oh. these are fabulous.
I'm buying those back.
♪♪
Anybody find
a cake plate yet?
That's all I need --
Woman: Is that what you're
looking for?
I'm looking for a Martha Stewart
cake plate. yes.
I have about
75 of her cake plates.
We traveled
from Orlando. Florida.
just to come to this sale
because that's how good
a Martha Stewart tag sale
can be.
Pretty nice.
You want that?
I can't find a cake plate.
so I have to get that.
Man: The sign that said
"Martha Stewart's
Great American Tag Sale."
somehow it was like a trance
that I went through.
and I just bought things
that I didn't know I needed.
This one.
It's so beautiful.
I love this.
I think I need this.
She told me to buy this lamp.
so I did.
Actually been looking for
this copy
for many. many years
to get a signed one.
So this is almost as good
as a cake plate.
We are house building in
Westport. Connecticut. right now
and so wanted to come check out
Martha's great tag sale
to see if we could find
some inspiration for the house.
We found this really cool lamp.
and it came at a great price
and this matching lampshade.
Oh. how nice.
A hostess gift.
Look. is it good?
What is it?
It is not for sale.
This is for Martha.
And I have a lemon
pound cake recipe
that was probably
in one of her first cookbooks.
Thank you.
I love it.
I didn't have time
to make one for the guys.
I would really love some pots
and pans. maybe copper
if she has any available.
I'm also interested in some
pull-up cocktail tables...
Oh. tables.
...for around the couch
and the chairs
in the living room.
Thank you. Martha.
♪♪
I feel like she has...
Very good stuff. too.
She has. like. a vast array
of valuable items. the art
to the magazines. like. the
vases and the lamps and whatnot.
And the rugs.
It's for everybody.
The rugs were nice.
very versatile.
I'm in the restaurant business.
and I was just very excited
to see old kitchen tools.
What did Martha tell you?
We told her
that we bought the cleavers.
and she said that her
great-uncle was a butcher
and these are from
his butcher shop.
So I'm glad we scooped up
a little of her family history.
And we also bought this
beautiful. old. handcrafted
butcher block table.
which is real special.
So couldn't say no
to that.
Okay. I'm just gonna walk around
and check out the inventory.
I think I might have to open
some more boxes. We'll see.
I was hoping to find some
chairs for outdoor furniture.
and we saw a lot
of sold signs
Man: There was
some wicker advertised.
and it would have been ideal
for our house in Maine.
but I no longer
see it here.
[ Both laugh ]
I mean. I think you --
you sold a lot.
We sold so much.
There's -- Yeah.
I think we've sold
over 70%.
And my expert auctioneer.
he expected 50%.
He thinks it's --
Oh. really? Oh.
Yeah. I just want
to sell everything. that's all.
Oh. they sold my wagon.
Oh. shoot. I forgot to --
This morning I woke up. I said.
"Where's the wagon?"
And there it is.
and it's sold.
And I'm pissed. 'cause
that -- I did not --
Oh. you didn't want
that to be sold?
No. I did not want that
to be in the sale.
Manzo: Listen. I think
we have a problem here.
I think we do. too.
Because the majority
of these things are sold.
We have people coming in busses.
one after the other.
The one thing we haven't
had control over.
which is what Martha
decided to sell.
is becoming our
biggest nightmare.
We are going to
have to convince her
to go into our warehouse
and get more stuff.
We have a whole other day
to go tomorrow.
and we're worried about just
having enough for everyone here.
My job now is to find
some more stuff.
The tables are empty.
If we don't find
any more things to sell.
we're gonna be empty. too.
It's a sale that doesn't
have anything to sell.
Manzo: She's actually in
the house pulling things out...
Is she?
...that we said we should
have sold before.
Can we go down now?
♪♪
That's a beautiful
faux bois tray.
This will bring in
a lot of money.
Sell.
Okay.
This is our assembly line.
We're. like.
really worried.
I think there's -- there's
750 people coming tomorrow
over a seven-hour
time period.
And it's like.
what are they gonna buy?
They're taping.
and then you can pack.
We probably sold over
10.000 items today.
We're gonna have
to work late tonight.
We have no other choice.
We've got to make
this sale fabulous for tomorrow.
It's a big. big issue.
If there is not enough stuff
for people tomorrow
who are. like. traveling
from all over and coming.
it's gonna be a nightmare.
Yeah.
♪♪
Tape this. please.
We're almost opening.
This is insane.
This is it.
This is the last day.
Scissors. please.
Dominic.
We're so excited
that it's day two.
Yesterday was super stressful.
We were really worried
about restocking.
Should be $250.
Oh. no. no. no.
no. no. no.
I mean. seriously.
we were really nervous
that this wasn't gonna be --
gonna happen.
but Martha has come through.
The only thing we feel like
we're missing
is some china
and some glassware.
but everything else
is looking good.
Stewart: We'll get that
from the storage building.
Martha's at other parts of
her property right now.
calling. saying. "Send trucks."
then filling it with stuff.
♪♪
Manzo: There's all new
merchandise that came up.
I mean. we're doing Halloween.
Yep.
We're doing Christmas.
We are working
as fast as we can.
I am out of gas.
I have two flat tires.
Everyone. the guests are
about to come right in.
♪♪
Hi! This is exciting.
And then I'll put sold on it
and take you over there.
♪♪
[ Laughs ]
I was just here looking around.
I was hoping to find
some kitchen items.
but I found some other items
that I liked a little bit
better. [ Chuckles ]
I bought a moose.
Stewart: Good morning.
I also got to meet Martha today.
so I was very excited.
I got a selfie with her.
Ooh.
everything looks so good.
Martha wants to see
everything gone. too.
She'd be so happy
if everything was sold.
Oh. yes. that was
our dining room table.
[ Laughs ] Yes.
Leaves?
No. there are leaves.
I have to find them.
If you buy it.
I will find the leaves for you.
Okay.
Do you want to buy it. honey?
Want me to -- Okay.
Come on.
♪♪
Treasures. [ Chuckles ]
Sell it.
No. that shouldn't
be out here.
I did find a couple of things.
things. like. on the book table.
This is lifetime health record
for. guess what.
Alexis Gilbert Stewart.
[ Gasps ]
Why --
You want that back.
I do.
How did my daughter's
birth diary get onto that table?
Five days of roseola.
her fever...
Oh. my God.
I want to read this.
[ Laughs ]
Whoa. We had no idea
it was there.
She grabbed it.
She took it.
Martha has it. so it didn't
get into the wrong hands.
I was in the lamp section.
You were books.
Don't blame me.
Oh. come on.
[ Chuckles ]
Stewart: Well. we had
a collection of jadeite.
and Blake Lively
wanted all the jadeite.
but so did Kris Jenner.
Kris. can you hear me?
Yes. You look beautiful.
by the way.
So do you.
Kris Jenner
flew people out here
just to collect the jadeite.
Jadeite was a common man's
china in the 1940.
but it's
so collectible now.
Everybody really loves
the color.
Oh. my gosh.
You kind of go hand in hand
with jadeite in my mind.
Just want to let you know
if you're coming for jadeite.
Kris Jenner took it all.
I can't wait
for my stuff to get here.
Okay. Thank you so much.
Bye.
That these collectibles are now
out of my hands is a real joy.
Oh. that's beautiful.
And it's just very exciting
to see the enthusiasm
of these lovely people.
Look at that. How fabulous.
These are so fun.
A few years ago. I was invited
to have lunch with Martha.
We ended up having lunch
in her personal office
at this beautiful Saarinen table
that was surrounded by the
chairs that I just discovered.
I noticed that underneath
the chair there is a stamp
that says Personal Property
of Martha Stewart.
♪♪
It's legit.
Oh. that's
the best thing.
So I was leaving
and Martha walked up
and she saw it and said.
"Wait a minute."
Bernie!
How did you miss --
His name is Bernie Wong Green.
Wong: Bought it?
And you didn't buy it?
It's all right. but. you know.
there's only so much room.
I know. but that's the best dog
bed there ever was.
That's a dog bed.
Ohh!
That's what it is.
Store all their little things
in here.
So I'm going to use this
for my rescue dog. Levi.
and he's a special pup.
and now he'll have
a special bed.
Oh. good.
You got one of my shirts.
All the clothes
came out today.
'cause we couldn't fit
anything in yesterday.
♪♪
[ Laughs ]
So that's like
a $600 shirt.
No!
It is.
No. I'm not kidding.
[ Laughter ]
Yeah. this is --
This was --
Haden just took it
off the rack.
Did you pay for it?
Of course.
I'm an auctioneer.
I want it sold.
I want it to be gone.
Well. get in there
and start making that stuff
disappear in the tent.
because we got
to get going here.
This is the last day.
Klinko: Jamie. you have any more
sold tags on you?
What about
these nice chairs?
Things are flying.
I want everything
to sell.
I want to do half
on that.
On the second day
of a tag sale
is really the only first day
you can kind of bargain.
Manzo: Everyone. the books
are half price.
so let's make them
disappear.
Hessney:
So we're able to give them a
little bit of a better price.
Manzo: Everything's going.
So...
We don't want to put
it back.
Yeah. [ Laughs ]
I don't even cook.
That's okay.
You'll need it.
It was a feeding frenzy.
They bought everything.
Manzo: And we're gonna start
giving better prices.
So let's go.
Oh. good.
That table sold.
She bought the bench
she has no room for.
but she's gonna make
room for it.
Yeah.
Stewart: Rugs are selling.
That's good.
You need prices?
What do you need?
Yeah. come on.
Mark that down for her.
I'm gonna put
sold stickers on these.
I think we're cooked.
[ Bell rings ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
It's over. 5:00.
We are done.
Manzo: It was
the most amazing sale.
and I've been in this business
for a long time.
I don't just do this
for a hobby.
I have never seen people
buy like they bought things
under that tent.
We had
a really good turnout.
and I didn't feel like there
were any disappointed guests.
The sale has been
a huge success.
Tickets were sold out.
That was a really good start.
And I think we've raised
a lot of money
from the sale of
all these beautiful things. too.
That personal touch from
Martha -- she made this sale.
Klinko: She really took her time
with her fans.
Okay.
I'll be right back.
How often does that
really ever happen?
My teams were amazing.
Chris Hessney and his group.
they were up to the task.
The fabulous Frank Kaminski.
Vincent Manzo.
and of course.
my dear old friend Jim Klinko.
they worked really hard.
First of all.
I don't think they expected
that it was gonna
be this difficult.
I think I have enough
for another tag sale.
but that's gonna be
a long time coming.
We need a vacation after this.
[ Laughs ]
And even if I'm not running it.
I insist on seeing all of you
at the next
Great American Tag Sale.
I'd love to do Cher.
I think she'd be great.
I would love to see
what Snoop Dogg has.
Snoop Dogg. duh.
[ Laughs ]
I'd go with Elon Musk.
He must have...
[ Chuckles ]
...some pretty cool stuff.
Lara Spencer needs to have
a tag sale.
Oh!
Lara would have a good one.
'Cause she's a high-class
hoarder also.
Don't call us for one.
[ Laughs ] Yeah. don't.
We are unavailable for
any tag sales in the future.
♪♪
[ Peacocks crying ]